= ruby-american_date

ruby-american_date exists to make ruby versions greater than 1.8
parse american-style month/day/year dates correctly, just like
ruby 1.8.  It can also be used on ruby 1.8, but it is basically a
noop there.

As far as I know, there isn't a gem that already handles this. You
can find many snippets on the web that partially solve the issue, but
most won't be compatible with ruby 1.9.3, because Date.parse and
DateTime.parse no longer call Date._parse directly on 1.9.3. Also
most don't handle cases where an american date format is used in
addition to a time format.

== Design

The general idea is fairly simple.  We just check the beginning of
the input string for an american date format, and transform it into
a year-month-day ISO format before passing it to the standard date
parsing methods.  This is probably the least invasive way that works
correctly on both the pure-ruby date parser (<1.9.3) and the C
extension date parser (>=1.9.3).

To reduce the possibility of problems, only the beginning of the
input string is checked.  So if you have an american date format
embedded in the middle of the input string, it won't be translated.
That may change in the future if it is determined to be safe.

== Tested ruby versions

* ruby 1.8.6, 1.8.7, 1.9.2, 1.9.3
* rubinius 1.2.4
* jruby 1.6.5 (both --1.8 and --1.9 modes)

== Installation
   
ruby-american_date is distributed as a gem, and can be installed with:

  gem install american_date

== Source

ruby-american_date is hosted on GitHub:

  https://github.com/jeremyevans/ruby-american_date

== Issues

ruby-american_date uses GitHub Issues for issue tracking:

  https://github.com/jeremyevans/ruby-american_date/issues

== Author

Jeremy Evans <code@jeremyevans.net>
